<!-- Code generated by gomarkdoc. DO NOT EDIT -->

# str



## Index

- [str](#str)
  - [Index](#index)
  - [Constants](#constants)
  - [func BytesToString](#func-bytestostring)
  - [func StringToBytes](#func-stringtobytes)
  - [type StringBuilder](#type-stringbuilder)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Bool](#func-stringbuilder-bool)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Byte](#func-stringbuilder-byte)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Bytes](#func-stringbuilder-bytes)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Float](#func-stringbuilder-float)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Grow](#func-stringbuilder-grow)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Int](#func-stringbuilder-int)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Printf](#func-stringbuilder-printf)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Reset](#func-stringbuilder-reset)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) String](#func-stringbuilder-string)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Uint](#func-stringbuilder-uint)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) Write](#func-stringbuilder-write)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) WriteBytes](#func-stringbuilder-writebytes)
    - [func (\*StringBuilder) WriteTo](#func-stringbuilder-writeto)
  - [type StringReplacer](#type-stringreplacer)
    - [func NewStringReplacer](#func-newstringreplacer)
    - [func (\*StringReplacer) Replace](#func-stringreplacer-replace)
    - [func (\*StringReplacer) ReverseReplace](#func-stringreplacer-reversereplace)


## Constants

{#emptystring}

```go
const EmptyString = "__empty__"
```

## func BytesToString

```go
func BytesToString(b []byte) string
```

BytesToString converts bytes to a string without memory allocation. NOTE: The given bytes MUST NOT be modified since they share the same backing array with the returned string.

## func StringToBytes

```go
func StringToBytes(s string) []byte
```

StringToBytes converts a string to a byte slice without memory allocation. NOTE: The returned byte slice MUST NOT be modified since it shares the same backing array with the given string.

## type StringBuilder



```go
type StringBuilder struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Bool

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Bool(value bool) *StringBuilder
```

Bool appends a boolean value to the string builder.

value: The boolean value to be appended. Returns: The updated string builder.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Byte

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Byte(value byte) *StringBuilder
```

Byte appends a byte to the string builder.

value: the byte to be appended. returns: the string builder itself.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Bytes

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Bytes() []byte
```

Bytes returns the byte slice representation of the StringBuilder.

No parameters. Returns a byte slice.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Float

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Float(value float64) *StringBuilder
```

Float appends a float64 value to the StringBuilder.

value: The float64 value to be appended. Returns: A pointer to the StringBuilder.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Grow

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Grow(size int)
```

Grow resizes the underlying buffer of the StringBuilder to accommodate at least \`size\` elements.

size: the desired size of the buffer.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Int

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Int(value int) *StringBuilder
```

Int appends an integer value to the string builder.

value: the integer value to be appended. Returns a pointer to the string builder.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Printf

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Printf(format string, args ...interface{}) *StringBuilder
```

Printf formats and writes the string to the underlying buffer using the specified format and arguments. It returns the modified StringBuilder.

format: the format string. args: the arguments to be formatted. returns: the modified StringBuilder.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Reset

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Reset()
```

Reset clears the content of the string builder.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) String

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) String() string
```

String returns the string representation of the StringBuilder.

No parameters. Returns a string.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Uint

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Uint(value uint) *StringBuilder
```

Uint appends the string representation of the unsigned integer value to the StringBuilder.

value: The unsigned integer value to be appended. Returns: The StringBuilder object.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) Write

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) Write(strings ...string) *StringBuilder
```

Write concatenates the given strings and appends them to the StringBuilder's buffer.

It takes a variadic parameter of type string. It returns a pointer to the StringBuilder.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) WriteBytes

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) WriteBytes(bytes []byte) *StringBuilder
```

WriteBytes writes the given bytes to the StringBuilder.

bytes: The bytes to be written. Returns: The updated StringBuilder.

### func \(\*StringBuilder\) WriteTo

```go
func (s *StringBuilder) WriteTo(writer io.Writer) (n int64, err error)
```

WriteTo writes the contents of the StringBuilder to the given io.Writer.

It returns the number of bytes written and any error encountered.

## type StringReplacer

StringReplacer is a generic type to replace specified substrings in strings and cache the modified strings.

```go
type StringReplacer struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func NewStringReplacer

```go
func NewStringReplacer(replacePairs map[string]string) *StringReplacer
```

NewStringReplacer creates a new instance of StringReplacer with specified replaceable and replacement strings.

### func \(\*StringReplacer\) Replace

```go
func (sr *StringReplacer) Replace(input string) string
```

Replace replaces the specified substrings in the input string with their corresponding values.

### func \(\*StringReplacer\) ReverseReplace

```go
func (sr *StringReplacer) ReverseReplace(input string) string
```

ReverseReplace replaces the specified substrings in the input string with their corresponding original values.

Generated by [gomarkdoc](https://github-com/princjef/gomarkdoc)
